I can't believe this is
our last Calculus class.
Well, don't worry.
If it's anything
like the others,
it'll feel like
a lifetime.
I'm going to miss
all your little jokes,
Steve Smith.
I still can't believe
you're about to graduate.
And follow Billie Eilish
on tour!
So cool!
I'm hoping to meet her
'cause I think she knows
who my real dad is.
I know it's the last day,
but I'm gonna have to
reteach you everything!
I just found out that at
the start of the school year,
one of my colleagues
pranked me and switched
my teacher's edition
with one full of bullshit,
and that's what I've been
teaching you all year.
Thank God none of us
were paying attention,
am I right?
That's it.
You guys don't respect me,
I don't make squat,
and I have to cram for my test
on the milkshake machine
before my shift
at Bobby Freeze,
which starts in
nine minutes?
Hey, are you going to
Vince Chung's
end-of-the-year bash
tonight?
I doubt it.
His party is
invite-only
and he only liked me
when I had boobs.
Tell you what,
since you've been
making me laugh all year
and it is our last
week together
before I follow Billie
on the road,
if you do show up to
Vince Chung's party tonight...
I'll give you
a handjob...
Handjob...
♪ Good morning, USA
♪ I got a feeling
That it's gonna be
A wonderful day
♪ The sun in the sky
Has a smile on his face
♪ And he's shinin' a salute
To the American race
♪ Oh, boy, it's swell to say
♪ Good morning, USA
Ah!
This is it, man!
It's finally happening
for you!
You're going to
become a man!
I'm not gonna lie, Snot.
When you got Bar mitzvah'd
last year
and became a man
the Jewish way,
I was very jealous.
And now it's your turn
to do it one
of the Christian ways.
But how are we gonna
get an invite to
Vince Chung's party?
It'd be one thing
if Barry were here.
Vince Chung loves Barry.
Apparently if you witness
one murder at Taco Bell
with someone, it creates
some sort of "bond."
Too bad he and Toshi already
left for Summer Horse Camp.
I'll text him.
I'm warning you, bud,
if you text
Barry at camp,
you're just gonna
get a hundred horse photos.
What a ride, Pepper!
This is why we
do it, Tosh.
The union of
man and beast.
Sometimes I don't know
where I end
and my horse begins.
You guys?
No way!
Only cools get to go
to my party, bros.
Oh, dude, you're the guy
who caught that bird
with your bare hand
in PE class.
Please come to my bash.
Vince, please, it's the
difference between
my friend
becoming a man or not.
Tell you what,
I'll let you guys
come to my party
under one condition.
You bring a keg
of OG Four Loco!
Okay, we just have
to get a keg of OG Four Loco,
whatever that is.
You think you two nerds
can get a keg of OG Four Loco?
The one with caffeine,
taurine, and guarana?
Yes?
I happen to know
there's only one place
within a 100-mile radius
that has it.
A dirty dive bar in Chimdale
called Triple-X-X.
That's four X's.
It used to be called Triple-X
in honor of the
Vin Diesel movie,
but they got into trouble with
Columbia Pictures
and had to add
the extra X.
Oh.
Good luck buying
a keg there underage.
It's a fake ID graveyard.
Even the ones I sell
don't work there.
Alright,
see you chodes later.
I'm off to eavesdrop
on more students
and spread more
dangerous legends.
Alright,
you heard him.
If we're going to make you
a man, we need real IDs.
I think it's time we talk
to my Uncle Roger.
They're so cool.
I wish...
Mark McKenzie,
you talking switchblades?
The ice cream man
will sell you one
if you know
the secret password.
Butterball.
Hey, Roger, I...
Huh, I know he's usually
out doing stuff,
but he's usually
also here.
Steve-o,
what up, chode?
I need your help.
Can you get me... No can do, I'm busy.
I finally figured out how to
get rid of all my Kohl's Cash
Gift Cards without having
to buy anything from Kohl's.
Later, chode!
No, Rog...
I know where
we can get IDs, Snot.
But I'd be
breaking a promise
I made to my uncle.
If my dad
taught me anything,
breaking promises
is a huge part
of being a man.
Gosh, your uncle really
has some unique outfits!
Uh, it's nothing weird,
he just likes to shop
at thrift stores
and buy dead
people's clothes
because sometimes
- they have wallets in them.
- Oh.
Bingo.
And these adult clothes
will make us look older
than our
little boy clothes.
We're going
to do this Steve,
I can feel it.
A girl is gonna
rub your penis until
you orgasm tonight.
What the hell do you think
you're doing?
You don't have to
show ID, Clint!
Anyone with Clint
is probably an asshole,
but you can come in too!
Hey, everybody!
Look what the ol' ferret
dragged in!
Clint!
I thought you died!
Steve,
what's happening?
Roger's personas,
they're working on us!
Hey, everybody,
drinks are on us
if this credit card works!
That's kind of a big "if"
though, right?
Clint, I should kick your ass
for cheating me at pool
and stealing my truck
last time.
But now that I'm walking everywhere,
my diabetes cleared up
and I'm in the best shape
of my life!
Carrot stick?
I don't get why
the whole bar thinks
I'm this guy Clint.
Listen, the good news is
for some reason
they really believe
we're adults,
which means buying this keg
is going to be super easy.
Excuse me!
I'd like to buy a keg of... No kegs today!
Dave's the only one
with the key
to the keg fridge.
- What?
Our owner Dave
has the only key.
And he's at
his friend's wedding.
That's obviously
not the wedding
he's at now,
but no doubt
it gets my point across.
How many weddings
are on Friday night?
There must be
a way to find it.
I know where it is!
I couldn't help
but overhear you
because I've been
eavesdropping on people
a lot lately.
Not only do I know
where the wedding is,
I'm going myself.
See, me and my buddy,
we like to wedding crash.
Like the movie.
So when I heard Dave talking
about a wedding the other day,
I locked it away.
The Ramada on Fifth and...
Something?
Eh, if we drive down Fifth
long enough, we'll find it.
Hit the ocean,
we've gone too far!
There's a phone
in my jacket.
Silent mode this bad boy.
Steve, don't you think
it's a little weird
that Lewis doesn't
recognize us?
Yeah! I do.
Now relax.
♪ Don't let the sun
go down on me
♪ Although I search myself
♪ It's always
someone else I see
♪ I'd just allow a fragment
of your life
♪ To wander free
♪ Oh-ho!
Whoa, a new flavor!
Green tea
with Moroccan mint!
Should we buy it
instead of our usual
green tea with peach
and lemongrass?
Maybe we buy both?
Buy both?
Sure, why don't we buy
some fruit punch too?
We're supposed to be
saving for a house
to show your dad
we're responsible.
And you want to double
our tea budget?
And I said,
"Make it 10 bucks
"and I'll put both
hands up there!"
Ugh.
Relax, Clint!
This isn't even
my car!
'Zooka Sharks!
This is our year!
Or maybe we get
all the flavors
and don't use any
of our tea budget!
Steve, look!
The Ramada!
Dave and his key
are right there!
You check the perimeter,
I'll take the dance floor.
Dave?
Dave! Dave! Dave!
Dave! Dave!
Dave? Dave?
Dave! Dave! Dave! Dave!
Dave!
Dr. Kenji!
You came!
And I didn't even
invite you!
You've got to
give a speech!
Oh, no, no, no, no, no,
I couldn't...
Guys, I want you
to meet my dentist.
He's cool and he's always
telling me dirty jokes,
and now he's going
to give a toast.
This is gonna be better
than a Netflix
stand-up special!
Oh, no.
You can't go too blue.
Uh, that's right,
I'm his dentist.
And I swear
that's "the whole tooth
and nothing but the tooth."
Oh, no.
Oh, no!
Clint, you bastard!
You just had to show up
on my wedding day!
You know
I can't resist you.
Come on!
Someone in here, actually.
It's okay.
I know what you want.
Whoa,
I do kind of want this!
And that's when I said...
"Make it 10 bucks and
I'll put both hands up there!"
Thank you, goodnight!
Dr. Kenji, everyone!
That was so funny
I'm going to piss myself.
I'm not lying!
I know
you're loving this.
I've been on my feet
all day long.
What the hell
is going on in here?
Hilarious speech, man.
You don't meet a lot
of funny dentists.
I'm actually looking
for a funny guy.
See, I wasn't even invited
to this wedding.
Me and my buddy
are wedding crashers,
like the movie.
Except my buddy
didn't show up!
So I'm done with him!
He's out!
I'm looking
for a Vince Vaughn-type
to play opposite
my Owen Wilson-type,
and you might
fit the bill.
You ruined my wedding!
My wife's beautiful feet
smell like a face now!
Come on!
Oh, he is
a Vince Vaughn-type.
Go, go!
This guy's gonna kill us!
Okay, but this isn't
a normal cab,
because this is
a Kohl's Cash Cab!
It's just like the show
Cash Cab
where they drive you around
and ask you trivia questions
except on this one,
you win Kohl's Cash
instead of usable cash!
This is my pilot episode.
I'm shooting it on my own
and hoping to sell it
to Kohl's.
- Just go!
- Steve?
Well, look who it is.
Local piece of shit
Clint McGlint
and dentist to
the Japanese mafia,
Dr. Kenji.
Please, Rog... Uh-uh.
Please...
Jamirquai J. Spunklestain.
Ah, damn it!
Please just go!
Okay, but only if you get
the questions right.
Miss one question
and I drop you
at the next corner.
This show is much harder
than the one that was on
Discovery Channel!
Here at American Dad,
we love Discovery Channel
and welcome
Warner Bros. Discovery
as TBS's new overlord.
Long may scripted television
reign supreme!
What's the hardest haircut
to cut?
- What?
- We've got company!
That's your first question.
What's the hardest haircut
to cut?
Uh, the Rachel?
Yes!
That's correct.
And that's
a $50 Kohl's Cash!
This question's
a little bit harder.
What's the third-best
Pixar movie?
Uh...
The Incredibles!
Oops, sorry,
that's wrong!
No, it's not!
Wall-E, Toy Story,
The Incredibles.
No, it goes Shrek,
Toy Story,
Nemo, Incredibles.
Shrek's not even
a Pixar movie!
- Yes, it is!
- No, it isn't.
It's Dreamworks.
Please hold.
Well, cluck me.
What do you know?
That's $50
Kohl's Cash!
He's back!
Don't worry,
this next question's easy.
What is the best
kind of weather?
Rain!
- Wrong!
Aw, I'm stuck real good.
Sorry, but the best kind of
weather is two tornados.
Thanks for playing.
Wait, you're
dropping us off here?
Damn, this is one
of the roughest parts
of Chimdale.
But I don't pick
where you get
the answers wrong.
Now get out!
And quit going through
other people's stuff!
Well,
Steve wants my help
getting into
Vince Chung's party.
Probably because of
our Taco Bell trauma bond.
I just feel like
Steve and Snot
might be in danger
for some reason.
Geez, this Makahama guy
called a thousand times.
Hey, the Uber
on this phone works.
We can get home!
Home?
But we have to
get the keg.
How? Face it, Snot,
we're done.
We lost Dave.
And no Dave, no key.
No key, no keg.
No keg, no party.
No party, no handie.
Come on, Steve,
this is your destiny!
Snot, it's okay.
A part of me
is actually relieved.
- What?
- It's just...
I was a little afraid
of getting a handjob.
Afraid? Why?
What if I don't
do it right?
What if
my penis is weird?
I can't believe
this kind of talk.
Steve, I have no doubt
you have a wonderful penis.
Also, if you don't,
who cares?
We're entering a new age
of body positivity
where weird is beautiful,
my friend.
Dave!
- Dave!
- He's out.
Well, we don't need him,
just the key.
Check the keychain!
He's only got
one key on here
like a psychopath.
It must be inside.
If we find the key
and hustle back to the bar
to get the keg,
we can still
make the party.
But the keg's not
at the bar.
What?
How do you know that?
Because it's right here.
It's beautiful.
You were right, Snot.
It's our destiny.
Let's go!
Let us
help you with that.
You haven't been answering
your phone, Dr. Kenji.
I'm sorry, Mr. Makahama,
I assumed you wanted
sparkling water!
Well, you know what happens
when you assume...
You die!
Dr. Kenji,
thank you for coming.
I'm sorry we had to be
so persistent.
Uh, no problem.
Two nights ago,
I ate a gumdrop,
and it made my tooth
really hurt.
Then it went away.
But then, I ate a bunch
of jujubes
and the pain
came back worse!
Please remove the tooth
at once.
After you fix
the boss's tooth,
you'll get your keg back.
How are we going
to get out of this?
This is complex dental work,
and I'm terrible
with my hands.
You said you wanted
to become a man, right?
Well, a man's got to do
what a man's got to do.
Okay,
what tooth is it?
Just give that a second
to work.
Now let's yank
this bad boy.
It does not want
to come out!
Hold on...
Almost...
Got it!
'Ill 'hem!
Steve, the cart!
The elevator!
Uh-oh.
Oh, God!
We're not falling!
I think
we're flying this thing!
We just passed
Vince Chung's house!
We need to turn around!
Deflect
off the Shark's Nest!
We're alive!
Oh, my God...
It's Vince Chung's party!
We did it!
I'm gonna become a man!
No, we didn't.
- Who cares?
Uh, Vince Chung
for starters.
We've come too far.
I'm going to that party.
And I'm getting
that handjob.
Yass, queen!
Yass!
Hey...
You have no clue
what I've been through tonight.
Just to get here.
To you.
Why the hell is this
old-ass guy
kissing me?
That's my dentist!
Oh, my God!
Somebody kill them!
Get 'em!
We gotta get out
of these clothes!
I can't believe how close
I came to becoming a man
only to be, well,
too old I guess.
What an awful night.
Steve,
tonight was the best night
of my life.
And do you know why?
'Cause that bride
grabbed your wiener?
No...
because I watched you
become a man.
Yeah,
you didn't get an HJ,
but you did give
an amazing wedding speech.
You cracked a guy
over the head with a vase.
You pulled the tongue
out of a Japanese mob boss.
You shoved Vince Chung.
And you kissed the girl.
Hey, you haven't seen
some scuzzy guy
and an off-duty dentist,
have you?
Well, the Japanese mafia
and a bunch
of high-school kids
want them dead,
so you should probably
get off the streets.
Can you give us
a ride home?
No way!
Every man
for themselves!
And put on some clothes!
Somebody need a ride?
Hey, I can't believe
they let you guys
take your horses home
from horse camp.
Oh, they didn't
let us...